Since building my first web application, I've been fascinated with how cloud computing systems form and how they transform data into real-time, always on-line experiences. As an intern at Oak Ridge National Laboratory I had the opportunity to revive a failing project through my hard-work, technical skills, and optimism. The goal was to design a database that described the resources, allocations, users, and projects that drove one of the leading HPC groups in the world. My main task was to build a web framework on top of this database to facilitate efficient use of the HPC resources for staff members, scientists, and managers. Through collaboration, I was able to work with nearly every level of the web software stack and when I walked away from a successfully deployed project I knew I wanted to pursue this field.

After a successful project I made it my goal to not only become proficient in the modern web software stack but to better understand how servers are designed and how data is transported efficiently. My work as a Research Assistant at the Center for Research in Extreme Scale Technologies consisted of working with a collection of network applications that represented network topologies, monitored those networks, then deployed measurements on those networks. Specifically, I built a client/server application that monitored networks in real-time and allowed the user to create and send measurements between end points for the purposes of metric collection and link debugging. Through that project I gained an understanding of the components of a network, how data is transmitted across network layers, and how to debug network data issues as they arise.

From here, my goal is to continue to enhance my skills in client/server web applications by collaborating on innovative projects that push this field forward. Starting from an idea and iterating on it until an application is born is what has drove me in the past and what continues to drive me today. Although I've primary worked on the software engineering side of the stack, I'm passionate about designing flowing user experiences and giving clients an application that's a joy to use. It would be an honor to join a group of headstrong individuals and work together to progress the field I love.

